10/1/2025
09J-FinalizedDecorums

there are 16 levels which you are finally rewarded with a vanilla cake, you can try your best to refute this, but vanilla cake (or a cake of your choosing) lies in wait for you at the bottom of hell. infact i will just tell you, you cannot have the cake without being transcended from your bodily flesh.
it is alot like you would expect a downward spiral of hell to be, full of debillitating effects that make you eventually into a demon yourself.

1-5
embarassment/nausea/derision(mood)/denial(isolation)/fear(apprehension) are the base levels, you are groomed for what is to come...its just how hell operates. i should not even tell you about that. by now you want to kill yourself.
things start to get dangerous

adversion(rejection) you literally run at the thought of yourself or what you must do, your duties, what makes you human, your sense of honor, these all start to jump ship. therapy might save you, not in the sense of going to a confessional, but friendship and the like.

6-8
your world is a threat to you.
you resort to violent rituals
you become destructive and make up excuses to justify yourself, you arent quite crazy, but you are unpredictable, a church can still save you.

9-10
you become a danger to yourself and others
hostility and confrontations, this is where most homeless people end up.
damaged and psychotic, this is the very last sense of humanity you have
you will need a sanctuary to take pity on you

11
you are now either a deadly-madman jacktheripper or a beast of burden shackled for its own protection, like hannibal lecter.

12-13
you become a force of chaos, still mortal, but likely set for death, you have lost all sense of self preservation, you are a potential biohazard
here you will be incinerated if captured, the world sees you as a plague

14-15

you are possessed hellacious flesh
you are an unsustainable vampire, dying instantly if not feeding on souls
exorcism only

16 souless
you can have cake now 

This utilizes the idea of the hero experiencing a journey in which a world in near ruins is revealed to be deteriorating under a corruptive presence through which peace must restored or the common, rescue/release the princess from the clutches of evil scenario.
This works because of the memetics of what is taking place in the meta of the overall system, being experiential to the inevitable progression of risk and mental-descrapancies of the paradoxes within the system taking root or in their mechanics being switched and/or swaped in adaptation of the decline or severity of a sovreignty/dominion in flux.
This is highly metaphorical/allergorical or in such as a mockup of the original intentions of the systems, and is considered without going Overboard, that there is any direction to the system at all taking place.
