090-Virtual-UnderRealm
10/19/2025
This is a description of the virtual underealm, a time attack evacuation area wherein several stages occur leading up to a rest-pit per stage. It unfolds/unveils itself as the following connected zones that increase in difficulty/depth. Typically each stage has an upper/lower floor in its event. (In which the upper/lower floors are adjacent to the next stages, but also have specific ecosystems and "monster types)
A field area, with houses to hide in, and military task/strategic escorts in deployment. You may be outfitted with weapons and military gear that enhance your ability to mobilized and defend yourself from (an onslaught of ever increasing threats ranging from incursion-ships/hostile-xenophages)---one that may resemble PINKY (from doom)
The next stage is a strategic retreat within a mall. However the mall rifled and several areas are darkened. The best tactic is to swing around between store departments and built-in-areas to reach shelter. There is an active staff that has quartered and blockaded themselves in a lower floor, that have refreshments/rations (and brownies). They are friendly but also vulnerable. (The mall is riddled with sleeper/stealth creatures that operate on sound.) Some may resemble plasty-grubs (which typically are like snakes/worms)
The third stage is the slums, a side/backentry from the mall in which a parking lot may connect to other apartments, this area is mainly a crossing area, in which a "landshark" stalks the parkinglot and must be defeated (or avoided) in which a locked door must be unlocked to reach a utility area. Which is darkened but much safer. The sub-slums is a lower area which is nested within an alley/parking lot it is also where apartment basements are connected to which a dark-corridor of cells (a trap house) is connected that may or may not house monsters. The monsters are strange shrimplike-hobo's which can be fended off easily but might infact alert or overcrowd the parking lot. The dark rooms may or may not house stronger monsters and are locked. Upon activating the escapelatch/exitchamber (by flipping a correct jumper-box) it may or may not release more monsters into the area, but it unlocks a lower corridor door to the next stage.
This stage is the backrooms. It is considered a checkpoint and safe and is a good sign because it is indicative of a portal-system being constructed to escape the entire UNDER-REALM to a default world setting. (However this is not proven, and is more so encouraged that the ARC1X system will perform data-rescue allowing backrooms-telemetry to be afforded and therefore transversable to an ARC1X SAFE-REGION)
Alot of the rooms and pathways are locked and must be UNLOCKED via Key Collection. This is to inhibited progression overall within the under-realm. It may be that the SQUAD/STAFF act as checkpoints or must escort the "player" to the next stages during which incursions/aggressions may take place. Requiring defensive/strategic manuevers. (This is not required to rescue them, but to transverse to special zones or provisions that will assist in progression) ETC, typical cliche gaming.
This is greatly assisted through the ARC1X-PORTABLE-VIRUTAL-BARISTA-Survival-Pack-System
